docs(guidelines): add unit and integration testing guidelines (#119)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/contributing/testing-guidelines/index.md

# Testing guidelines

## Unit testing

Unit testing is a software testing method that tests individual units of source code to determine whether they satisfy the specification.

> For details,see the [Unit testing guidelines](unit-testing.md).

Reviewer: mistakenly edited in 2a3302a4942ca0478cf9d86ba7f1555937c39afa?

```suggestion
For details, see the [Unit testing guidelines](unit-testing.md).
```

> ## Integration tests
> 
> Integration Testing combines and tests the individual software modules as a group, and is done after unit testing.

Reviewer: - Use the same title as https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Integration_testing.
- Fix capitalization.
- I think it's not always after unit testing.

```suggestion
## Integration testing

Integration testing combines and tests the individual software modules as a group.
```

Reviewer: Ah, but Wikipedia says "It occurs after [unit testing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unit_testing) and before [system testing](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/System_testing)." :thinking: 

I'll remove this suggestion.

# Testing guidelines

> ## Unit tests

Reviewer: Better? :thinking: 

```suggestion
## Unit testing
```

> Unit Testing is a software testing method by which individual units of source code are tested to determine whether they are fit for use.

Reviewer: - Follow https://developers.google.com/style/voice.
- I feel `fit for use` is uncler.

```suggestion
Unit testing is a software testing method that tests individual units of source code to determine whether they satisfy the specification.
```

> The tool used for unit testing in Autoware is `gtest`.

Reviewer: By writing this here, what do we expect users to learn?
I guess we can drop it from this page.

```suggestion
```

> The tool used for unit testing in autoware.universe is `gtest`.

Reviewer: But here, I believe we can use just `Autoware`.

```suggestion
The tool used for unit testing in Autoware is `gtest`.
```

> [Unit testing guidelines](unit-testing.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, see the [Unit testing guidelines](unit-testing.md).
```

## Integration tests

Integration Testing combines and tests the individual software modules as a group, and is done after unit testing.

While performing integration testing, the following subtypes of tests are written:

> 1. Fault injection testing
> 1. Back-to-back comparison between a model and code
> 1. Requirements-based testing
> 1. Anomaly detection during integration testing
> 1. Random input testing

Reviewer: [IMO] Writing each number looks better.

```suggestion
1. Fault injection testing
2. Back-to-back comparison between a model and code
3. Requirements-based testing
4. Anomaly detection during integration testing
5. Random input testing
```

> [Integration testing guidelines](integration-testing.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details, see the [Integration testing guidelines](integration-testing.md).
```
